hi I'm Chantal to ride professional
makeup artists today I'll be showing you
home made beauty tips for lips we're
going to exfoliate Rebecca's lips today
by using two ingredients sugar and olive
oil i use olive oil because it's the
most natural oil it doesn't affect the
skin actually nourishes conditions has
vitamins A and E in it and then sugar is
going to act I'll until it tastes good
on your lips but it's also going to act
as an exfoliator because of the little
scrubs so what you want to do in a small
bowl like this you just want to pour a
small amount of that olive oil straight
into your container swirl it around
you're making kind of like a pace with
this so it's nice and mixed and now once
you've mixed it up you can actually go
in with your finger just kind of swirl
it in there get a nice little amount of
the sugar on your finger and what we're
doing is in a circular motion we're
going to actually start exfoliating her
lips this is actually a method that
tastes kind of good if you do happen to
get a little bit in your mouth really
gently we're just scrubbing you can take
more it's best to have a lot of that
sugar more than the oil on your finger
than anything because that's the actual
part that will be doing the exfoliation
and the result of this because you
exfoliate taking off basically any dead
skin cells the oil itself is what's
actually nourishing the skin it's
getting to any cracks it's going to heal
anything in there that maybe cracked
open because you had chapped lips and
you can do this maybe feel about a
minute or two and once you're done with
the exfoliation you just rinse it off
okay or you can go in with a wet towel
and just gently wipe off all of that oil
and sugar from your lips or lick off any
excess either or
and that is some homemade tips for lips
I'm Chantal to ride thank you for
watching